sfe updates (#146)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/sync-for-expenses/sync-process/sync-process-explained.md

### [Create expense-transactions datasets](expense-transactions)

After the company has categorised their expenses using the mapping options, you can create expense-transaction datasets, in the response you will receive a `datasetId`.

```http title="Create expense dataset"
POST https://expensesync.codat.io/companies/{companyId}/expense-reconciliations
```

### [Initiate Sync](syncing-expenses)

> You can then initiate the sync process for multiple datasets by making an api request to the [sync endpoint](/sync-for-expenses-api#/operations/intiate-sync).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then initiate the sync process for multiple datasets by making an API request to the [sync endpoint](/sync-for-expenses-api#/operations/intiate-sync).
```

```http title="Initiate a sync of expense datasets"
POST  https://expensesync.codat.io/companies/{companyId}/data/expense-transactions
```
A `syncId` will be returned to the response payload.

### Check sync status

> There are three ways that you can check the status of the sync:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three ways to check the status of the sync:
```

1.  Using webhooks and the `sync completed` rule

2.  Polling the [sync status endpoint](sync-for-expenses-api#/operations/get-sync-by-id)

3.  Using the Sync Health Site for Sync for Expenses

### Check transactions

> Once the sync has completed, you should check whether the transactions were successfully sync'd to the accounting package - this can be done via the [transaction metadata endpoint](/sync-for-expenses-api#/operations/get-sync-transactions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the sync has completed, you should check whether the transactions were successfully synced to the accounting package. This can be done via the [transaction metadata endpoint](/sync-for-expenses-api#/operations/get-sync-transactions)
```

```http title="Transaction status"
GET https://expensesync.codat.io/companies/{companyId}/syncs/{syncId}/transactions
```

### [Upload Receipts](uploading-receipts)

> To post the attachment for each transactionId. with a status of `Completed` and integrationType of `expense` they can then call the [attachment endpoint](/sync-for-expenses-api#/operations/upload-attachment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To post the attachment for each `transactionId` with a status of `Completed` and integrationType of `expense`, call the [attachment endpoint](/sync-for-expenses-api#/operations/upload-attachment)
```
